Stakeholders:

Special Purpose Vehicle
Lenders
Security Trustee (Our Team)
Contractor
Off takers
Shareholder 1
Shareholder 2

Our objective is to create a CorDapp to replicate the actions of the Security Trustee.

The functions of a security trustee are to act as a custodian for the following:
Loan Agreements (From the Lenders)
Security Agreements (from the SPV)
Direct Agreements (from Off Taker and Contractor)



You will notice that we are not actually ‘producing’ any documents, all the docs above are supplied to us from other stakeholders, we simply acts as a custodian for the loan agreement, security agreements and direct agreements. However we did agree to take on the security agreements, so we should attempt to replicate a security agreement but as a smart contract.

I am pasting some research below as I know you guys are very busy:

What is a Security Trustee?

A security trustee is the entity holding the various security interests created on trust for the various creditors, such as banks or bondholders. This structure avoids granting security separately to all creditors which would be costly and impractical.

How does project finance work?

Project financing is a loan structure that relies primarily on the project's cash flow for repayment, with the project's assets, rights and interests held as secondary collateral. 

What is Limited recourse Debt?

Non-recourse financing means the borrowers and shareholders of the borrower have no personal liability in the event of monetary default.

What are the characteristics of project finance?

The most visible characteristic of project finance is that it is non-recourse debt as to individual shareholders, including the project sponsors. 




WILL ADD MORE LATER - PLEASE FEEL FREE TO ADD AS YOU SEE FIT...






KEY POINTS:

Project  risks  are  usually  bifurcated  between  the  construction  and  operational  periods  of  the  project.  Lenders  are  most  ‘at  risk’  during  the  construction  period  (and  this  is  typically  the  period  when  most  
defaults  occur).  Hence,  particular  due  diligence  will  be  undertaken  on  the  strength  and  contingent  support associated with the construction contract.  

AMBIGUITY IN LEGAL PROSE: Ambiguity in contracts is biggest issue - need to check corda legal prose functions.  Can we introduce KPIs into the smart contracts (e.g If KPI is not reached then payment is docked by x amount...or some other terms are imposed)

The question is we need to analyze the functions of a security trustee  - how is this done in reality??  Maybe we can truly innovate, do something new that hasn't been done before, something that must penalise bad/undesirable behaviour and reward anything that is fair.



Links:

https://www.hsbcnet.com/gbm/attachments/products-services/financing/project-finance.pdf

https://youtu.be/eFTlIeIwuXs     <---GOOD FOR UNDERSTANDING PROJECT FINANCING PROCEDURE...
